Shadows of Yesterday READ ME

============Instructions to play============

1. Launch the Unity Executable
2. The game will start! Use WASD to move and 
   e to interact.

============Known/Unfixed Bugs==============

-Living room ceiling clipping into itself
-Cabinet doors changing size
-Some people got stuck between cabinets in 
 the bathroom
-Player model is able to be seen in some 
 reflective surfaces, ruining immersion
-Door opening function is still a little 
 buggy in some places

============3rd Party Items=================

We grabbed a lot of our assets from the 
Unity Store for free. While we created 
things from scratch when we could, most 
assets in our scene were modifications of 
pre-existing assets, as a large portion of 
our team is not as graphically inclined. 
Code and scripts were created ourselves, 
including the pixelated filter, however the 
player movement controls and model was a 3rd 
party asset.

============Licenses and CC=================

Unless otherwise mentioned below, all our 
assets follow the Standard Unity License 
Agreement as of December 4th, 2024.

One asset we paid for is the Hospital 
Curtains as part of our Scene 3 maze. These
curtains follow the Standard Unity License
as a Single Entity.

The Hospital pack, Apartment, and Morgue 
were all extension assets. These were all
free.